Update instant-messaging.md (#1216)
xsf/xmpp.org: content/uses/instant-messaging.md

## Projects using XMPP-based Instant Messaging

> The projects that are using vanilla and open XMPP are listed on our [XMPP Client, XMPP Server or XMPP Library pages].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects that are using vanilla and open XMPP are listed on our [XMPP Client](/software/clients/), [XMPP Server](/software/servers/), and [XMPP Library](/software/libraries/) pages.
```
